Warriors of the Stars and the Realms:A Seraphon army will be made up of either celestial Starborne or savage Coalesced warriors that have settled in the Mortal Realms.

After you have chosen the Seraphon allegiance for your army, you must either give it the STARBORNE keyword or the COALESCED keyword. All SERAPHONunits in your army gain that keyword, with the exception of models that already have one of the keywords on their warscroll.

Contemplations of the Ancient Ones:The slann have learnt countless spells over the millennia, and after a moment’s contemplation can recall any of them.

At the end of your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly SLANN and replace the spell they know from the Lore of Celestial Domination table (pg 60) with a new spell from that table. Choose or roll for the new spell, rolling again if you generate the spell the SLANNalready had.

Sacred Asterisms:The heavens themselves play a key part in the Great Plan of the Old Ones, empowering their reptilian servants.

At the start of your hero phase, you can pick 1 of the following asterisms to be in the ascendant until your next hero phase:

The Great Drake:In the combat phase, pick 1 friendly SERAPHON HERO. Until the end of that phase, you can add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons used by that HERO.

The Hunter’s Steed:Add 1 to run rolls and charge rolls for friendly SERAPHONunits.



The Sage’s Staff:In the hero phase, pick 1 friendly SERAPHON WIZARD. You can add 1 to casting or dispelling rolls for that WIZARDif it is your hero phase, and you can add 1 to unbinding rolls for that WIZARDif it is the enemy hero phase.



Coalesced Constellations:The different Coalesced constellations make war in their own unique fashion.

If your army is a COALESCEDarmy, you can give it the KOATL’S CLAWor THUNDER LIZARDkeyword. All COALESCEDunits in your army gain that keyword and you can use the extra abilities listed for that Constellation (pg 64-67).

Cold-blooded:Coalesced Seraphon are coldly impassive, rigidly steadfast and completely without mercy.

Ignore modifiers (positive or negative) to the Bravery characteristic of COALESCEDunits.

Predatory Fighters:Coalesced Seraphon have become more closely attuned to the primal ferocity harboured by all members of their race.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of Jaws weapons used by COALESCEDunits.

Primeval Domain:The land surrounding a Coalesced temple-city is magically reformed into a primeval wilderness, deadly to outsiders yet the perfect habitat for the savage lizardfolk.

If a terrain feature is partially or wholly within the territory of a COALESCEDarmy, then any Damned, Arcane, Inspiring and Mystical scenery rules for that terrain feature only apply to COALESCEDunits, while any Deadly and Sinister scenery rules for that terrain feature do not apply to COALESCEDunits.

Scaly Skin:Having achieved true physicality, the scaled hides of Coalesced Seraphon become tougher with the passing of time. Many of their warriors develop thick bony plates and latticeworks of scar tissue that act as natural armour.

Subtract 1 from the damage inflicted by each successful attack that targets a COALESCEDunit (to a minimum of 1)

Unfeeling:Starborne are the children of Azyr, filled with the light of the stars and fighting to enact the cosmic plan of their creators.

STARBORNEunits have a Bravery characteristic of 10 instead of the Bravery characteristic on their warscroll.

Celestial Conjuration:The slann leaders of the Starborne can call forth armies of Seraphon from their temple-ships in the blink of an eye.

You can summon STARBORNEunits to the battlefield if you collect enough celestial conjuration points (CCPs). At the start of your hero phase you receive D3 celestial conjuration points if your general is a SLANNor STARSEERand is on the battlefield, and D3 celestial conjuration points if there are one or more friendly SAURUS ASTROLITH BEARERS on the battlefield.

In addition, in your hero phase, before attempting to cast the first spell with each friendly SLANN or ORACLE, you can say that it will carry out a celestial conjuration. If you do so, you receive D3 celestial conjuration points but the number of spells which that model can attempt to cast in that phase is reduced by 1.

If you have 6 or more celestial conjuration points at the end of your movement phase, you can summon 1 or more units from the list on the right to the battlefield and add them to your army. Each unit you summon costs a number of celestial conjuration points as shown on the list, and you can only summon a unit if you have enough celestial conjuration points to pay its cost.

Summoned units must be set up wholly within 12" of a friendly SLANN, friendly ORACLEor friendly SAURUS ASTROLITH BEARER and more than 9" from

any enemy units. Subtract the cost of the summoned unit from the number of celestial conjuration points you have immediately after the summoned unit has been set up. Summoned units have the STARBORNEkeyword.

Lords of Space and Time:Slann temple-ships are able to transport themselves and Starborne warriors any distance in an instant.

At the end of your movement phase, you can pick 1 friendly STARBORNEunit anywhere on the battlefield to be transported through space and time.

If you do so, remove that unit from the battlefield and then set it up on the battlefield anywhere that is more than 9" from any enemy unit.

Starborne Constellations:The Starborne of different constellations exhibit traits unique to the warriors of their fleet.

If your army is a STARBORNEarmy, you can give it the DRACOTHION’S TAILor FANGS OF SOTEKkeyword. All STARBORNEunits in your army gain that keyword and you can use the extra abilities listed for that Constellation (pg 64-67


D3 SLANNCommand Trait

1 Arcane Might:With the authority of aeons, this powerful slann commands the flow of magic on the battlefield.

You can re-roll 1 casting, dispelling or unbinding roll for this general each hero phase.

2 Vast Intellect:No secret is unknown to the mind of this unfathomable being.

This general knows 1 extra spell from the Lore of Celestial Domination (pg 60).

3 Great Rememberer:The manoeuvres ordered by this general are redolent of the countless constellations in the sky.

If this general is part of your army and on the battlefield at the start of your hero phase, roll a dice. On a 4+, you receive 1 extra command point.

D3 SAURUSCommand Trait

1 Disciplined Fury:This saurus strikes with cold-blooded precision.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made with melee weapons by this general.

2 Thickly Scaled Hide:The hard scales covering this general can deflect even the sharpest blade.

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that target this general.

3 Mighty Warleader:This saurus guides its warriors in battle with bellowing roars.

If this general is part of your army and on the battlefield at the start of your hero phase, roll a dice. On a 4+, you receive 1 extra command point.

D3 SKINKCommand Trait

1 Master of Star Rituals:Azyr’s light shines brightly on this general.

Add 1 to casting rolls for this general if they are a WIZARD. If they are not a WIZARD, then once per battle round they can use the Herald of the Old Ones command ability from the Skink Priest warscroll without a command point being spent.

2 Nimble:This skink is preternaturally agile.

Add 1" to this general’s Move characteristic, and add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target them.

3 Cunning:With reptilian calculation this general looks for opportunities to strike.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick 1 enemy HERO within 3" of this general and roll a dice. On a 4+, that enemy HERO suffers 1 mortal wound

TREASURES OF THE OLD ONES

SLANNonly.

D6 Artefact of Power

1 Zoetic Dial:As the stars align with the facets of this mighty artefact, the strands of fate inexorably envelop its bearer.

After set-up is complete but before the battle begins, secretly record the number of a battle round. At the start of that battle round, reveal the information and then heal all wounds allocated to the bearer. In addition, during that battle round, you can re-roll save rolls for attacks that target the bearer.

2 Light of Dracothion:The light from the Great Drake’s tears can wash away the foulest and most corruptive of energies.

Once per battle, you can automatically unbind 1 spell cast by an enemy WIZARDwithin 15" of the bearer, or automatically dispel 1 endless spell within 15" of the bearer.

3 Prism of Amyntok:This prism can channel aetheric power from the skies to blast the bearer’s foes with a beam of pure white energy.

Once per the battle, at the start of any phase, pick 1 enemy unit within 12" of the bearer and roll a dice. On a 1, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound. On a 2-5, that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. On a 6, that unit suffers D6 mortal wounds.

4 Itxi Grubs:Itxi grubs are small, worm-like creatures found in those places where the ground is most saturated in arcane power, and are amongst a slann’s favourite delicacies.

At the start of each hero phase, you can heal 1 wound allocated to the bearer. In addition, in your hero phase you can re-roll 1 casting or dispelling roll for the bearer, and in the enemy hero phase you can re-roll 1 unbinding roll for the bearer.

5 Plaque of Dominion:Carved when the Old Ones still dwelt amongst their servants, this plaque bears glyphs of such potent cosmic power that those who even glance upon them are driven into a stupor.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 enemy HEROwithin 12" of the bearer and visible to them. Until your next hero phase, that HEROfights at the end of the combat phase. In addition, if that HEROis a WIZARD, until your next hero phase, subtract 1 from casting, dispelling and unbinding rolls for that HERO.

6 Throne of the Lost Gods:The palanquin that bears this slann is a particularly advanced example of Old One technology, a truly stately throne for the mage-lord ensconced upon it.

Add 4" to the bearer’s Move characteristic, and add 1 to the bearer’s Wounds characteristic.

CELESTIAL RELICS OF THE WARRIOR

SAURUSonly.

D3 Artefact of Power

1 Blade of Realities:This pan-dimensional weapon exists to bring about the end of tyrants.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Improve the Rend characteristic of that weapon by 1. In addition, add 1 to the damage inflicted by each successful attack made with that weapon that targets a HERO.

2 Sigils of the Prime Hunter:The ominous glyphs that hang from the saurus champion’s armour are laden with powerful celestial curse-magics.

Each time the bearer fights, after all of the bearer’s attacks have been resolved, you can pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of the bearer and roll a dice. On a 1, nothing happens. On a 2-5, that enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound. On a 6, that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

3 Bloodrage Pendant:Carved from the bones of Carnosaurs or the most aggressive Ghurish megafauna, those warriors who bear a Bloodrage Pendant find their killing frenzy amplified as their own flesh is split and rent.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of the bearer’s melee weapons if the number of wounds allocated to the bearer is equal to or greater than half of the bearer’s Wounds characteristic (rounding up)

VESTMENTS OF THE PRIESTHOOD

SKINK only.

D3 Artefact of Power

1 Incandescent Rectrices:This vibrant plumage instils the bearer with the restorative power of the heavens.

The first time bearer is slain, before removing them from the battlefield, roll a dice. On a 1-3, the bearer is slain. On a 4-6, the bearer is not slain, all wounds allocated to them are healed, and any wounds that currently remain to be allocated to them are negated.

2 Cloak of Feathers:The colourful cloaks worn by some skink priests are woven from the shining feathers of star-eagles.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target the bearer. In addition, add 4" to the bearer’s Move characteristic, and the bearer can fly.

3 Sacred Stegadon Helm:The horns of this golden helm are said to be fragments of the great Xelbabia’s, a truly colossal Stegadon who served the Old Ones at the dawn of history. Those who wear it are gifted with the strength of Xelbabia’s unstoppable charge.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target the bearer. In addition, add 1 to the Damage characteristic of melee weapons used by the bearer if they made a charge move in the same turn

LORE OF CELESTIAL DOMINATION

SLANN only.

D6 Spell

1 Celestial Apotheosis:Waves of pure celestial magic infuse the caster’s servants.

Celestial Apotheosis has a casting value of 5. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit wholly within 18" of the caster and visible to them. Heal 1 wound allocated to that unit. In addition, until your next hero phase, subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of enemy units while they are within 3" of that unit. If the casting roll was 10+, heal up to D3 wounds instead of 1.

2 Walk Between Realms:For a moment, the slann’s allies tread immortal pathways.

Walk Between Realms has a casting value of 6. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit wholly within 18" of the caster and visible to them. Until your next hero phase, that unit can fly.

3 Mystical Unforging:The magic of unmaking flies from the slann’s outstretched hands.

Mystical Unforging has a casting value of 7. If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy HEROthat bears an artefact of power within 12" of the caster and visible to them. That HEROsuffers D3 mortal wounds and you must roll a dice. On a 5+, that HEROno longer bears that artefact of power (if a weapon was picked when it was selected, the weapon reverts to normal).

4 Celestial Equilibrium:The slann’s form seems to shimmer and fade as it draws links between its allies and the turnings of the stars.

Celestial Equilibrium has a casting value of 7. If successfully cast, until your next hero phase, add 1 to casting, dispelling and unbinding rolls for friendly WIZARDSother than the caster.

5 Stellar Tempest:Without warning, a blistering celestial storm descends upon the foe.

Stellar Tempest has a casting value of 8. If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 24" of the caster and visible to them. Roll 1 dice for each model in that unit. For each 5+, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

6 Drain Magic:The Starmaster conjures a vortex of anti-magic to calm the battlefield.

Drain Magic has a casting value of 9. If successfully cast, all endless spells within 24" of the caster that are not BOUNDare dispelled

LORE OF CELESTIAL MANIPULATION

SKINKonly.

D6 Spell

1 Celestial Harmony:Arms raised, the caster infuses their allies with the calming light of Azyr.

Celestial Harmony has a casting value of 5. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit wholly within 18" of the caster and visible to them. Until your next hero phase, do not take battleshock tests for that unit. If the casting roll was 10 or more, pick all friendly units within 18" of the caster and visible to them instead of only 1.

2 Hand of Glory:With a chirruped invocation, the caster grants their allies the might of ancient times.

Hand of Glory has a casting value of 6. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit wholly within 18" of the caster and visible to them. Until your next hero phase, you can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by that unit.

3 Extend Astromatrix:The caster slightly extends the range of the Astromatrix so that it encompasses new lands.

Extend Astromatrix has a casting value of 6. If successfully cast, pick 1 terrain feature wholly within 18" of the caster and visible to them. Any Damned, Arcane, Inspiring and Mystical scenery rules for that terrain feature only apply to SERAPHONunits, while any Deadly and Sinister scenery rules for that terrain feature do not apply to SERAPHONunits.

4 Fiery Convocation:The caster brings fiery destruction to the foe, engulfing them in flames that only very slowly burn out.

Fiery Convocation has a casting value of 7. If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of the caster and visible to them. Until your next hero phase, at the end of each phase of a turn, roll a dice for that unit. On a 6, that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

5 Bind Endless Spell:Skink wizards can use their magical prowess to temporarily bind a predatory spell to the Astromatrix.

Bind Endless Spell has a casting value of 7. If successfully cast, pick 1 endless spell within 18" of the caster and visible to them. Until your next hero phase, that endless spell has the BOUNDkeyword.

6 Tide of Serpents:The caster calls forth a carpet of writhing serpents. Though individually small, these reptiles will fight ferociously to defend their master, bringing down their enemies through hundreds of poisonous bites.

Tide of Serpents has a casting value of 8. If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 12" of the caster and roll a number of dice equal to the number of models in that unit. For each 5+, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Realm SHapre

GARRISON

A Realmshaper Engine can be garrisoned. The models making up the garrison of a Realmshaper Engine must have a combined Wounds characteristic of 20 or less (if this would preclude all of the models in a unit from garrisoning the Realmshaper Engine, then the unit cannot garrison the Realmshaper Engine).

SCENERY RULES

Power Unleashed:The waves of power that spread from an activated Realmshaper Engine bring the surrounding landscape to violent life.

In your hero phase, if this model is garrisoned by a friendly SERAPHON WIZARDor friendly SERAPHON PRIEST, you can pick 1 terrain feature anywhere on the battlefield and roll a dice for each enemy unit within 3" of that terrain feature. Add 2 to the roll if that terrain feature is within 18" of this model, and subtract 2 from the roll if that terrain feature is more than 36" from this model. On a 4+, that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds


Dracothian's Tail
ABILITIES

Appear on Command:At the will of their Starmasters, the reptilian throngs of Dracothion’s Tail appear suddenly on the battlefield, emerging from beams of starlight to savage their foes.

Instead of setting up a friendly DRACOTHION’S TAIL unit on the battlefield, you can place it to one side and say that it is set up waiting to appear at command as a reserve unit. You can set up 1 reserve unit waiting to appear at command for each friendly DRACOTHION’S TAIL unit you have already set up on the battlefield.

At the end of your movement phase, you can set up one or more of the reserve units waiting to appear at command on the battlefield, more than 9" from any enemy units and wholly within 18" of a friendly DRACOTHION’S TAIL SLANN. Any reserve units waiting to appear at command which are not set up on the battlefield before the start of the fourth battle round are slain.

COMMAND TRAIT

A DRACOTHION’S TAIL SLANNgeneral must have this command trait instead of one listed on page 57.

Ancient Knowledge:The slann of Dracothion’s Tail are amongst the wisest and most revered of all their kind.

This general knows 1 extra spell from the Lore of Celestial Domination (pg 60). In addition, you can re-roll 1 casting, dispelling or unbinding roll for this general each hero phase.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first DRACOTHION’S TAIL HEROto receive an artefact of power must be given the Godbeast Pendant.

Godbeast Pendant:This artefact grants the bearer a small measure of Dracothion’s divine immortality.

The first time the bearer is slain, before removing them from the battlefield, roll a dice. On a 1-3, the bearer is slain. On a 4-6, the bearer is not slain, all wounds allocated to them are healed, and any wounds that currently remain to be allocated to them are negated


ABILITIES

First to Battle:Like the tip of a spear or head of a hurled javelin, the vanguard of the Fangs of Sotek drive forwards with blinding speed to strike at the enemy.

In the first battle round, add 3" to the Move characteristic of FANGS OF SOTEK SKINKunits.

COMMAND ABILITY

Parting Shot:The skinks of the Fangs of Sotek excel as skirmishers. Those who attempt to charge them swiftly fall beneath a hail of javelins and poisoned blowdarts.

You can use this command ability at the end of the enemy charge phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly FANGS OF SOTEKSKINKSunit from the Skinks warscroll, or friendly FANGS OF SOTEK CHAMELEON SKINKSunit, that is wholly within 18" of a friendly FANGS OF SOTEK HERO. That SKINKSor CHAMELEON SKINKSunit can shoot. After you have resolved all of that unit’s shooting attacks, roll a dice. On a 4+, that unit can make a normal move; if it does, it must retreat but cannot run. A unit cannot benefit from this command ability more than once per phase.

COMMAND TRAIT

A FANGS OF SOTEKSAURUS general must have this command trait instead of one listed on page 57.

Old and Grizzled:Saurus once formed the mainstay of Fangs of Sotek armies, and their commanders have not forgotten the many ways to hunt down the foe.

If this general is part of your army and on the battlefield at the start of your hero phase, roll a dice. On a 3+, you receive 1 extra command point.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first FANGS OF SOTEK HEROto receive an artefact of power must be given the Serpent God Dagger.

Serpent God Dagger:This curved blade secretes a deadly and hideously painful venom.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. At the end of any phase, if any wounds inflicted by that weapon in that phase were allocated to an enemy model and not negated, and that enemy model has not been slain, roll a dice. On a 5+, that enemy model is slain.

ABILITIES

Savagery Incarnate:The saurus of Koatl’s Claw are renowned as being the most primordially vicious of their kind.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by friendly KOATL’S CLAW SAURUSunits that made a charge move in the same turn.

COMMAND ABILITY

Controlled Fury:The saurus lords of Koatl’s Claw are capable of unleashing the ravening fury of their kin.

You can use this command ability at the start of the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly KOATL’S CLAW SAURUSunit wholly within 24" of a friendly KOATL’S CLAW SAURUS HERO. That unit counts as having made a charge move in that turn for the purposes of the Savagery Incarnate ability.

COMMAND TRAIT

A KOATL’S CLAWSAURUS general must have this command trait instead of one listed on page 57.

Dominant Predator:Even the most frenzied saurus of Koatl’s Claw pay respect to this mighty alpha-lizard.

Roll a dice each time this general is used to issue a command to a friendly KOATL’S CLAW SAURUSunit. On a 4+, you receive 1 extra command point.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first KOATL’S CLAW HEROto receive an artefact of power must be given the Eviscerating Blade.

Eviscerating Blade:The serrated teeth of this heavy blade can tear through flesh with sickening ease, ripping apart organs and severing limbs in gory displays of primeval violence.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with that weapon is 6, that attack inflicts 2 mortal wounds on the target in addition to any normal damage

ABILITIES

Mighty Beasts of War: The spawning pools of the Thunder Lizard give rise to bioengineered monsters of terrible power.

Add 2 to the Wounds characteristic of THUNDER LIZARD MONSTERS.

COMMAND ABILITY

Trove of Old One Technology:The golden vaults of the Thunder Lizard contain some of the most powerful known artefacts of the Old Ones.

You can use this command ability at the end of your shooting phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly THUNDER LIZARDBASTILADON, or friendly THUNDER LIZARDENGINE OF THE GODS, that is wholly within 18" of a friendly THUNDER LIZARD HERO. If that unit is a BASTILADON, it can shoot with its Solar Engine even if it has already done so in that phase. If that unit is an ENGINE OF THE GODS, you can make a cosmic engine roll for it even if you have already done so in that phase. A unit cannot benefit from this command ability more than once per phase.

COMMAND TRAIT

A THUNDER LIZARDgeneral with a MONSTERmount must have this command trait instead of one listed on page 57.

Prime Warbeast:This beast is particularly vicious.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of the weapons used by this general’s mount.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first THUNDER LIZARD HEROto receive an artefact of power must be given the Fusil of Conflagration.

Fusil of Conflagration:This ancient relic can unleash powerful, if unpredictable, blasts of cosmic energy.

In your shooting phase, you can pick 1 enemy unit within 12" of the bearer and visible to them and roll a dice. On a 1, this artefact cannot be used again for the rest of the battle. On a 2-3, nothing happens. On a 4-5 that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. On a 6, that enemy unit suffers D6 mortal wounds.


Battalions

ABILITIES
Eternal Temple-host
If the SLANN, STARSEERor ORACLEfrom this battalion is on the battlefield, the Primeval Domain battle trait (pg 55) applies to all terrain features, not just those in your territory

Sunclaw Temple Host - Coalesced
Improve the Rend characteristic of Jaws weapons used by units from this battalion by 1.

Firelance Temple Host - Coalesced
Add 3 to run and charge rolls for units from this battalion that are wholly within 18" of the SCAR-VETERANfrom the same battalion

SHADOWSTRIKE TEMPLE-HOST - coalesced
In your hero phase, pick 1 enemy unit that is visible to the STARPRIESTor PRIESTfrom this battalion. Until your next hero phase, add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by units from this battalion that target that unit.

THUNDERQUAKE TEMPLE-HOST - coalesced
In your hero phase, declare if this battalion will be swift or savage. If you choose for it to be swift, until your next hero phase, units from this battalion can run and still shoot and/or charge in the same turn. If you choose savage, until your next hero phase, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons used by units from this battalion



Eternal Starhost - Starborne
At the start of your hero phase, you receive D3 celestial conjuration points if the SLANN, STARSEERor ORACLEfrom this battalion is on the battlefield

Sunclaw Starhost - 
Improve the Rend characteristic of Celestite weapons used by units from this battalion by 1

Firelance Starhost
If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made with a Celestite weapon by a unit from this battalion is 6, that attacks inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target in addition to any normal damage

Shadowstrike 
Instead of setting up a unit from this battalion on the battlefield, you can place it to one side and say that it is waiting in the stars as a reserve unit. At the end of any of your movement phases, you can set up any of those units on the battlefield more than 9" from any enemy units. Reserve units that are not set up on the battlefield before the start of the fourth battle round are slain.

Thunderquake
In your hero phase, you can heal 1 wound allocated to each unit from this battalion. If the unit is wholly within 18" of a friendly SLANN, heal D3 wounds instead of 1.